Test Plan Id: 0001

Introduction:
This document contains the test cases to check the login page of GitHub.

Requirements:
python-selenium 2.45.0

Data Requirements:
Valid gitHub username and password to for valid login to GitHub account.

Test Strategy
Test_case01:
Action: To go to the webpage.
Expected: Webpage opens

Testcase02:
Action: To check webpage have a login option.
Expected: Sign in option should be there.

Testcase03:
Action: To check we are directed to login page when Sign in option is clicked.
Expected: Login page should open.

Testcase04:
Action: To check login page have a username option to enter username.
Expected: Login page should have a username field.

Testcase05:
Action: To check login page have a password option to enter the password.
Expected: Login page should have a password field.

Testcase06:
Action: To check login page have a Sign in option to log in.
Expected: Sign in option should be there.

Testcase07:
Action: To check forgot password option is present on login page.
Expected: Forgot password option should be present.

Testcase08:
Action: To check option for new user to create a new account is present.
Expected: New user option should be present.

Testcase09:
Action: To check login for valid user.
Expected: User should be able to log in to his account.

Testcase10:
Action: To check when forgot password option clicked, it direct to password reset page.
Expected: Password reset page should open.

Testcase11:
Action: To check password reset page an email id option for sending the password link.
Expected: Email id field should be present.

Testcase12:
Action: To check password reset page have an "Send password reset email" option.
Expected: Send password reset email option should be present.

Testcase13:
Action: To check message/alert if invalid email id entered in password reset page.
Expected: Message "Can't find that email, sorry." should be displayed.

Testcase14:
Action: To check message/alert displayed when user try to reset password without
         entering a valid email id.
Expected: Message "Can't find that email, sorry." should be displayed.

Testcase15:
Action: To check login for invalid email and invalid password.
Expected: User should not be logged in and message "Incorrect username or
           password." should be displayed.

Testcase16:
Action: To check login without entering username and password.
Expected: User should not be logged in and message "Incorrect username or
           password." should be displayed.

Testcase17:
Action: To check login for valid username and invalid password.
Expected: User should not be logged in and message "Incorrect username or
           password." should be displayed.

Testcase18:
Action: To check login for invalid username and valid password.
Expected: User should not be logged in and message "Incorrect username or
           password." should be displayed.

Testcase19:
Action: To check login with valid username only.
Expected: User should not be logged in and message "Incorrect username or
           password." should be displayed.

Testcase20:
Action: To check login with valid password only.
Expected: User should not be logged in and message "Incorrect username or
           password." should be displayed.
